Added deployment architecture note for is km docs. (#3382)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/upgrading-wso2-is-as-key-manager/upgrading-from-is-5100-to-is-5110.md

    [user_store]
    type = "database_unique_id"
    ```
    

> !!! note
>     Before API Manager 4.0.0, the distributed deployment comprised of five main product profiles. They are Publisher, Devportal, Gateway, Key manager, and Traffic Manager. Along with the new architecture in APIM 4.0.0 we only have three profiles such as Gateway, Traffic Manager, and Default.
>     Since API-M 4.0.0 all the data are persisted in databases, it is recommended to execute the migration client in the Default profile.
>     You can refer to our  [WSO2 API Manager distributed documentation](https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/install-and-setup/setup/distributed-deployment/understanding-the-distributed-deployment-of-wso2-api-m/) for more details of our 4.0.0 distributed deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    Prior to WSO2 API Manager 4.0.0, the distributed deployment comprised of five main product profiles, namely Publisher, Developer Portal, Gateway, Key Manager, and Traffic Manager. However, the new architecture in APIM 4.0.0 only has three profiles, namely Gateway, Traffic Manager, and Default.
    
    All the data is persisted in databases **from WSO2 API-M 4.0.0 onwards**. Therefore, it is recommended to execute the migration client in the Default profile. For more details on the WSO2 API-M 4.0.0 distributed deployment, see [WSO2 API Manager distributed documentation]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/distributed-deployment/understanding-the-distributed-deployment-of-wso2-api-m).
```
